Add escalation policy and clarify priority definitions (#3772)
astronomer/docs: astro/astro-support.md

:::

## Ticket Priorities

To help Astronomer Support respond effectively to your support request, priorities are determined automatically by Astronomer. You can read more about ticket priorities and their SLAs [here](https://www.astronomer.io/legal/technical-support-success-packages/).

> Here are the four ticket priorities with descriptions and examples for each:

Author: I don't think this is accurate. We have 4 priorities (P1 through P4), and there are examples for each, but the priorities themselves aren't examples.

> Here are the four ticket priorities with descriptions and examples for each:

Reviewer: Here's a take-two on it!

- Task logs are missing in the Airflow UI.

### P3: Medium impact

Service is partially impaired.

Examples:

- A newly deployed DAG is not working in a development Deployment, even though it worked successfully in a local environment using the Astro CLI.
- You need to [modify a Hybrid cluster setting](manage-hybrid-clusters.md) that affects your cluster's performance, but isn't required to run tasks, such as changing the size of your cluster's database or adding a new VPC peering connection.
- Astro CLI usage is impaired. For example, there are incompatibility errors between installed packages.
- There is an Airflow issue that has a code-based solution.
- You received a log alert on Astronomer.
- You lost the ability to use a [Public Preview](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/feature-previews) feature that does not affect general services.

### P4: Low impact

Astro is fully usable, but you have a question for the Support team.

Examples:

- There are package incompatibilities caused by a specific, complex use case.
- You have an inquiry or a small bug report for a Public Preview feature.

## Request an escalation for an existing support ticket
<BusinessBadge/>

> Business and Enterprise customers can request escalated support for an existing ticket. To request a support escalation, email escalations@astronomer.io with the following information:

Reviewer 2: I think we clarify what outcome customers can expect from an escalation.

Author: how's this?

Reviewer 2: 👍

:::

## Ticket Priorities

To help Astronomer Support respond effectively to your support request, priorities are determined automatically by Astronomer. You can read more about ticket priorities and their SLAs [here](https://www.astronomer.io/legal/technical-support-success-packages/).

Here are the four ticket priorities with descriptions and examples for each:

### **P1:** Critical impact

A Deployment is completely unavailable, or a DAG that was previously working in production is no longer working.

P1 tickets are handled with the highest levels of urgency, if Astronomer Support responds on a P1 ticket and subsequently does not hear back for 2 hours, the ticket priority will be automatically changed to P2.

> Additionally, if the immediate problem is solved but there are follow up investigations ongoing, those follow ups will be conducted in a separate ticket at a lower priority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, if the immediate problem is solved, but follow-up investigations continue, those investigations are conducted in a separate ticket at a lower priority.
```

### P2: High impact

> Ability to use Astro is severely impaired but does not affect critical, previously working pipelines in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your ability to use Astro is severely impaired, but does not affect any critical, previously working pipelines in production.
```

Examples:

> - A newly deployed production DAG is not working, even though it ran successfully in a development or test environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A newly deployed production DAG is not working, even though it worked successfully in a development or test environment.
```

- The Airflow UI is unavailable.

> - You are unable to deploy code to your Deployment, but existing DAGs and tasks are running as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can't deploy code to your Deployment, but existing DAGs and tasks run as expected.
```

- You need to [modify a Hybrid cluster setting](manage-hybrid-clusters.md) that is required for running tasks, such as adding a new worker instance type.
- Task logs are missing in the Airflow UI.

### P3: Medium impact

Service is partially impaired.

Examples:

> - A newly deployed DAG is not working in a development Deployment, even though it ran successfully in a local environment using the Astro CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A newly deployed DAG is not working in a development Deployment, even though it worked successfully in a local environment using the Astro CLI.
```

> - You need to [modify a Hybrid cluster setting](manage-hybrid-clusters.md) that affects your cluster's performance but isn't required to run tasks, such as changing the size of your cluster's database or adding a new VPC peering connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You need to [modify a Hybrid cluster setting](manage-hybrid-clusters.md) that affects your cluster's performance, but isn't required to run tasks, such as changing the size of your cluster's database or adding a new VPC peering connection.
```

> - Astro CLI usage is impaired (for example, there are incompatibility errors between installed packages).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Astro CLI usage is impaired. For example, there are incompatibility errors between installed packages.
```

- There is an Airflow issue that has a code-based solution.
- You received a log alert on Astronomer.

> - You have lost the ability to use a [Public Preview](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/feature-previews) feature that does not affect general services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You lost the ability to use a [Public Preview](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/feature-previews) feature that does not affect general services.
```

### P4: Low impact

> Astro is fully usable but you have a question for our team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astro is fully usable, but you have a question for the Support team.
```
Does this need to be specific? Support? Dev? General team?

- Astro CLI usage is impaired. For example, there are incompatibility errors between installed packages.
- There is an Airflow issue that has a code-based solution.
- You received a log alert on Astronomer.
- You lost the ability to use a [Public Preview](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/feature-previews) feature that does not affect general services.

### P4: Low impact

Astro is fully usable, but you have a question for the Support team.

Examples:

- There are package incompatibilities caused by a specific, complex use case.
- You have an inquiry or a small bug report for a Public Preview feature.

## Request an escalation for an existing support ticket
<BusinessBadge/>

Business and Enterprise customers can request escalated support for an existing ticket. To request a support escalation, email escalations@astronomer.io with the following information:

* Ticket number
* Issue summary
* Reason for escalation

Reasons for escalation include:

* The ticket is taking much longer than expected to resolve.
* Multiple attempts to solve the issue have failed.
* The urgency of the ticket has increased substantially.

> When an escalation request is made, the on-call shift manager will be alerted to the ticket and will evaluate the escalation request. The on-call shift manager will either assume ownership of the ticket or ensure meaningful and timely progress is made on the ticket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you make an escalation request, it alerts the on-call shift manager to the ticket, who evaluates the escalation request. The on-call shift manager either assumes ownership of the ticket or ensures meaningful and timely progress is made on the ticket.
```
